Search results for: Aiman Muhammed Rabi al-Zawahiri  
Timestamp: 2025-11-05_14-35-05

DuckDuckGo
Upgrade to our browser.
Try the
DuckDuckGo Browser.
Fast. Free. Private.
Download Browser
Free
Open menu
All
Images
News
Videos
Maps
Duck.ai
Search Settings
Protected
All regions
Safe search: moderate
Any time
Ayman al-Zawahiri
Islamic terrorist and al-Qaeda leader (1951–2022), Muslim jurist and theologian (Sunni), surgeon
Ayman Mohammed Rabie al-Zawahiri was an Egyptian-born pan-Islamist militant and physician who served as the second general emir of al-Qaeda from June 2011 until his death in July 2022. He is best known for being one of the main orchestrators of the September 11 attacks. Wikipedia
Wikipedia
IMDb
Source: Wikipedia
Was this helpful?
Wikipedia
https://en.wikipedia.org › wiki › Ayman_al-Zawahiri
Ayman al-Zawahiri - Wikipedia
Ayman Mohammed Rabie al-Zawahiri (Arabic: أيمن محمد ربيع الظواهري, romanized: ʾAyman Muḥammad Rabīʿ aẓ-Ẓawāhirī; 19 June 1951 - 31 July 2022) was an Egyptian-born pan-Islamist militant and physician who served as the second general emir of al-Qaeda from June 2011 until his death in July 2022. He is best known for being one of the main orchestrators of the ...
Images for Aiman Muhammed Rabi al-Zawahiri
AI images: show
Al Qaeda leader Aiman al-Zawahiri may be in border region of ...
indianexpress.com
Al Qaeda chief Al-Zawahiri believed to be near Afghan-Pakistan border ...
hindustantimes.com
Who is Ayman al-Zawahiri, the FBI most wanted al Qaeda leader killed
nypost.com
Who is Ayman al-Zawahiri, the FBI most wanted al Qaeda leader killed
nypost.com
More Images
Was this helpful?
OpenSanctions
https://www.opensanctions.org › entities › Q186316
Al Zawahry Aiman Mohamed Rabi - OpenSanctions
Announced by Aiman Muhammed Rabi al-Zawahiri (QDi.006) as an official member of Al-Qaida (QDe.004). Has called for followers of Al-Qaida to commit terror attacks.
main.un.org
https://main.un.org › securitycouncil › en › sanctions › 1267 › aq_sanctions_list › summaries › individual › aiman-muhammed-rabi-al-zawahiri
AIMAN MUHAMMED RABI AL-ZAWAHIRI | Security Council
Aiman Muhammed Rabi al-Zawahiri was listed on 25 January 2001 pursuant to paragraph 8 (c) of resolution 1333 (2000) as being associated with Al-Qaida, Usama bin Laden or the Taliban for "participating in the financing, planning, facilitating, preparing or perpetrating of acts or activities by, in conjunction with, under the name of, on behalf or in support of", "supplying, selling or ...
Britannica
https://www.britannica.com › biography › Ayman-al-Zawahiri
Ayman al-Zawahiri | Biography, Death, Location, & Facts | Britannica
Oct 28, 2025Ayman al-Zawahiri was an Egyptian physician and militant who became one of the major ideologues of al-Qaeda. Zawahiri led al-Qaeda from 2011 until his death in 2022. Zawahiri was raised in Maʿādī, Egypt, several miles south of Cairo. Although his parents were from prominent families, Zawahiri and
Author:The Editors of Encyclopaedia Britannica
Counter Extremism Project
https://www.counterextremism.com › extremists › ayman-al-zawahiri
Ayman al-Zawahiri - Counter Extremism Project
Ayman al-Zawahiri co-founded al-Qaeda with Osama bin Laden in 1988. He had led the group since bin Laden's death in 2011 and expanded the number of al-Qaeda affiliates around the world.
New World Encyclopedia
https://www.newworldencyclopedia.org › entry › Ayman_al-Zawahiri
Ayman al-Zawahiri - New World Encyclopedia
Ayman Mohammed Rabie al-Zawahiri [2] [3] (June 19, 1951 - July 31, 2022) was an Egyptian-born terrorist and physician who served as the second emir of al-Qaeda from June 16, 2011, until his death. Al-Zawahiri was a surgeon by profession, who graduated from Cairo University with a degree in medicine and a master's degree in surgery.
sanctions-finder.com
https://sanctions-finder.com › sanction › 09bcc693-2cc8-4539-97f0-b0abf18762b2 › Ayman Al-Zawahari
Ayman Al-Zawahari - Sanctions Finder
Mar 21, 2025Leader of Al-Qaida. Former operational and military leader of Egyptian Islamic Jihad, was a close associate of Usama Bin Laden (deceased). Believed to have been in the Afghanistan/Pakistan border area before going to Afghanistan in 2014. Reportedly killed in drone strike in Kabul, Afghanistan on 31 July 2022... Ahmed Fuad Salim; ; Abdul Qader Abdul Aziz Abdul ...
BBC
https://www.bbc.com › news › world-middle-east-13789286
Ayman al-Zawahiri: Who was al-Qaeda leader killed by US? - BBC
Zawahiri was al-Qaeda's most prominent spokesman and ideologue Ayman al-Zawahiri, who has been killed by a US drone strike in Afghanistan, was often referred to as the chief ideologue of al-Qaeda ...
MEMRI
https://www.memri.org › reports › radical-islamist-profiles-3-ayman-muhammad-rabi-al-zawahiri-making-arch-terrorist
Radical Islamist Profiles (3): Ayman Muhammad Rabi' Al-Zawahiri ... - MEMRI
The following report appeared in the winter 2002 edition of the journal "Terrorism and Political Violence."[1] It was authored by Dr. Nimrod Raphaeli, senior analyst of MEMRI's Middle East Economic Studies Program. Preface Few individuals have had a more central role in articulating and practicing terrorism than Ayman -.[2] Though born into the Egyptian aristocracy and trained as a ...
Facts and Details
https://factsanddetails.com › world › cat58 › sub387 › item2330.html
AYMAN RAI AL-ZAWAHIRI'S LIFE BEFORE AL-QAIDA | Facts and Details
AYMAN RAI AL-ZAWAHIRI Dr. Ayman Rabi al-Zawahiri Dr. Ayman Rabi al-Zawahiri is an Egyptian doctor and the current leader of Al-Qaida. He was the head of Islamic Jihad in Egypt, which merged with Al-Qaida in 1998, and was involved in assassination of Egyptian President Anwar Sadat. Zawahiri helped Osama bin Laden found -Qaida in 1988 and was widely viewed as bin Ladens's right hand from ...
More Results
Searches related to Aiman Muhammed Rabi al-Zawahiri
ayman al zawahiri death
ayman al zawahiri personal life
ayman al zawahiri dead
ayman al zawahiri killed
ayman al zawahiri dob
ayman al zawahiri died
al quaeda leader killed
ayman al zawahiri born
Get Our Windows Browser
Protect your data as you search and browse.
Download
Learn More
What's New
About Browser
Compare Privacy
Get More
Email Protection
Newsletter
Share Feedback