Search results for: Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi  
Timestamp: 2025-11-05_14-35-17

DuckDuckGo
Upgrade to our browser.
Try the
DuckDuckGo Browser.
Fast. Free. Private.
Download Browser
Free
Open menu
All
Images
News
Videos
Maps
Search Assist
Duck.ai
Search Settings
Protected
All regions
Safe search: moderate
Any time
Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi
Leader of the Islamic State from 2010 to 2019
Ibrahim Awwad Ibrahim Ali al-Badri, commonly known by his nom de guerre Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, was an Iraqi militant leader and former teacher who was the founder and first leader of the Islamic State, who proclaimed himself caliph in 2014 and stayed in power until his suicide in an American operation in 2019. Baghdadi was born in Samarra and obtained graduate degrees in Islamic theology in the late 1990s and 2000s. Wikipedia
Wikipedia
IMDb
Source: Wikipedia
Was this helpful?
Wikipedia
https://en.wikipedia.org › wiki › Abu_Bakr_al-Baghdadi
Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi - Wikipedia
Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is a pseudonym. [23] His kunya (teknonym) was Abu Bakr, meaning "father of a young camel". [24][25] Having at some time taken the name Abu Bakr, al-Baghdadi is thought to have adopted the name of the first caliph, Abu Bakr. During the times when Muhammad [26] might have suffered from illnesses, was the replacement for leading prayer, according to the Sunni ...
Britannica
https://www.britannica.com › biography › Abu-Bakr-al-Baghdadi
Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi | Life, ISIS, & Death | Britannica
Sep 5, 2025Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi was the leader of the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) from 2010 until his death in 2019.
war.gov
https://www.war.gov › news › news-stories › article › article › 1999751 › us-forces-kill-isis-founder-leader-baghdadi-in-syria
U.S. Forces Kill ISIS Founder, Leader Baghdadi in Syria
U.S. forces killed ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi in a raid in Northwestern Syria last night, President Donald J. Trump announced today. The "daring and dangerous raid" went off without a hitch, Trump said.
Images for Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi
AI images: show
Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi | Life, ISIS, & Death | Britannica
britannica.com
ISIS's Leader, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi—the World's Most Wanted Man—Is Dead ...
newyorker.com
Isis leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is likely dead, say Turkish security ...
independent.co.uk
Abu Bakr Al Baghdadi
animalia-life.club
More Images
Was this helpful?
BBC
https://www.bbc.com › news › world-middle-east-50200392
Who was Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi? - BBC
Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, the leader of the jihadist group Islamic State (IS) and arguably the world's most wanted man, killed himself during a raid by US commandos in north-western Syria, President ...
Counter Extremism Project
https://www.counterextremism.com › extremists › abu-bakr-al-baghdadi
Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi - Counter Extremism Project
Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi served as ISIS's caliph, Arabic for "successor," since June 2014 until his death in 2019. In assuming the title, Baghdadi declared himself the religious, political, and military leader of all Muslims.
The White House
https://trumpwhitehouse.archives.gov › briefings-statements › remarks-president-trump-death-isis-leader-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi
Remarks by President Trump on the Death of ISIS Leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi
THE PRESIDENT: Well, I'll tell you, from the first day I came to office — and now we're getting close to three years — I would say, "Where's al-Baghdadi? I want al-Baghdadi." And we would kill terrorist leaders, but they were names I never heard of. They were names that weren't recognizable and they weren't the big names.
New World Encyclopedia
https://www.newworldencyclopedia.org › entry › Abu_Bakr_al-Baghdadi
Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi - New World Encyclopedia
On October 31, 2019 ISIL confirmed that Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi was dead, and named Abu Ibrahim al-Hashimi al-Qurashi, about whom little is known, as his replacement. [14] [15] Personal Life Names Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is a nom de guerre. [16] He had various names and epithets, including Abu Du'a [1] (أبو دعاء ʾū duʿāʾ), -Shabah (the phantom or ghost), [17] Amir -Mu'minin, Caliph ...
Wilson Center
https://www.wilsoncenter.org › article › timeline-the-life-and-death-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi
Timeline: The Life and Death of Abu Bakr al Baghdadi
Learn about the rise and fall of the leader of ISIS, from his birth in Iraq to his death in a U.S. raid in Syria. See key events, videos, and sources related to his life and legacy.
On This Day
https://www.onthisday.com › people › abu-bakr-al-baghdadi
Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi (Leader of Islamic State) - On This Day
Biography: Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi was an Iraqi militant who served as the first caliph of the Islamic State. He declared the organization a caliphate in 2014 and served in this role until his death in 2019.
NPR
https://www.npr.org › 2019 › 10 › 28 › 774178646 › who-was-isis-leader-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi
Who Was ISIS Leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi? - NPR
Oct 28, 2019MARY LOUISE KELLY, HOST: To another story now. Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi was not the first commander of ISIS, but he was the one in charge when the group steamrolled into Iraq and Syria in 2014. That ...
Search Assist
Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi was the leader of the Islamic State (IS) from 2013 until his death in 2019, when he killed himself during a U.S. military raid in Syria. He was known for declaring a "caliphate" in 2014, which aimed to expand IS's influence in the Middle East and beyond.
Wikipedia BBC
More
Auto-generated based on listed sources. May contain inaccuracies.
Was this helpful?
More Results
Searches related to Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi
abu bakr al baghdadi death
who was abu bakr
abu bakr al baghdadi trump
abu omar al baghdadi
abu bakr al baghdadi killed
abu bakr al baghdadi cause of death
abu bakr al baghdadi wife
abu bakr al baghdadi raid
Get Our Windows Browser
Protect your data as you search and browse.
Download
Learn More
What's New
About Browser
Compare Privacy
Get More
Email Protection
Newsletter
Share Feedback